Content creation & Monetization
How to create a breakthrough by content creation?
If you create prolific content by giving your 100%, you can create an empire
from it.
Content creation will take you ahead.
Content creation helps you get visibility, earn money, get opportunities, get
attention and inspire people.
It streamlines your message, people will know what to expect from you.
It builds your authority, people start associating you with that niche.
It creates a bond with the audience, people start accepting and loving your
presence.
People are busy scrolling their phones, the only time they’ll stop is when
they see a familiar face. When you create more content, people will see
you more often and therefore their scrolling might stop when they see you.
It gives you confidence as you connect with more people.
All you need to do is educate people.
Today’s marketing is about Education.
Figure out how you’ll educate people in your sector.
When you educate, you automatically get the revenue.
Choose a niche for better results.
Your niche should suffice at least any one of the following things:
1.) Can be monetized
2.) Solve any problem
3.) Help people earn more
4.) Help people upgrade themselves
You need to understand what your audience needs and give it to them.
Always prefer specialization over generalization.
When you are a specialist in any particular industry you can give more
value.
It creates more trust and authority.
All rights reserved by Rahul Bhatnagar. The sale, reuse and sharing of this content is illegal and against the law. Legal action + a
fine of Rs. 10 lakhs will be imposed against anyone found doing so.
Ways to Monetize your Content
In the knowledge-driven sector
1.) Sessions
If you have knowledge in a particular field, you can help people in that field.
You can do sessions for them.
It can be one-to-one or one-to-many.
2.) Consultancy
You can consult people and guide them to scale and grow in the field that
you are good at.
This is basically a hand holding process.
You study their work and then provide customized solutions.
3.) 1 to 1 session (High end)
Help people from the scratch.
You can charge a significantly high amount for the same.
Give your personalized access, attention and ensure that you get
phenomenal results for them.
4.) Courses and Programs
This is strictly for subject matter experts only.
Once you know something in and out, record a series of videos and help
people through them.
You can also have a combination of Ebooks, MP3 files, recorded videos
and live sessions.
In the brand-based sector
1.) Affiliate marketing:
Once you’ve created a Personal Brand, you can guide people regarding a
few products and services that you are confident about and give their
affiliate links.
You’ll earn a commission for each sale that you make.
All rights
